hello everyone its Elena and I'm back
with another video and today we're gonna
be reacting to my exam results I've just
got the message from a friend that
they're out so I'm hoping that that's
actually true
so yeah let's do it first up how we
graded in the UK so in the UK you'll get
class so you can get a first class a21
a.22 of bed or you can fail now I don't
think I'm gonna fail and I guess you'd
normally not aim for a third but all day
was a pretty good but even a bed is
still the past so everything's fine and
yeah normally that's how we would get
graded but thanks to coronavirus we are
only given the percentages so we then
kind of have to convert it into our
heads into a class if we want to now the
faculty has chosen not to class us
because they think this year that's
inappropriate but everybody in the
faculty probably know is that a 70% of
the first and a 60% is a 2:1 because
that's kind of what we're trained to
think like a student so whenever we get
feedback on our essays so in my head I'm
still gonna class myself even though I
don't get a class for my faculty okay
now it's time to take a look at my
results I'm on campus now um and the
results are d out and I also have my
calculator here because one of my
friends told me they give you your marks
out of two hundred and I need a
percentage out of a hundred obviously so
high calculator from high school I hope
this actually still works and I know how
to use it um we're about to find out
okay first up I passed that's not that
much of a surprise um I honestly didn't
expect to fail um so but it's good to
know that I passed I'm happy about that
okay next we have an explanatory text
for Kovac 19 that's probably just gonna
say that we're not being classed because
of a pandemic okay next up law of
contract 121 out of 200
that seems very low that's a low two one
that's not good um given how I performed
throughout the year um I was hoping for
a high 2:1 in contract um because I I
wasn't expecting to get it first because
I don't really think I you know what's
secure enough in it in terms of like
really understanding everything to get a
fast but hello to one I don't know like
that's worse than what I squirt
throughout the year so I'm a bit
confused okay that's one disappointment
down um let's let's take a look at the
rest of let's just hope the rest works
out okay next we have LAN LAN 129 out of
200 that's quite low again okay 129
divided by two gives us 64 point five
okay it's a mid to one which to be
honest isn't great in comparison to how
I did throughout the year I would have
expected to get at least a 68 in this
given the work I put in and how I've
performed throughout the years so yeah
that one's a big disappointment for me
because that was the subject which I was
really banking on to get a first ten um
but if I didn't got first in lamb that I
don't think I'm gonna get a first in
anything and like what am I gonna get a
family law a third I passed so I can't
have failed family law by like oh great
next up we have family law um we're
about to find out how low I could fall
um so in family law I got a 123 wait 120
divided by 2 is 60 so that's still a 2 1
guy is I got I got a 2-1 in family law
but I got 121 in contract okay
I am officially confused because
I did very well in contract and I did
next to terrible in family law for an
entire year and I did bats I and family
law then contract okay so next subject
jurisprudence and there we have a 137
but that's pretty high
157 divided by 2 gives us sixty eight
point five that's almost the best almost
being the key word guys but yeah that's
once again very confusing because I did
so much better in both contract and land
why did these subjects let me down why I
don't know um yeah I mean I'm taking the
68.5 thank you to whoever mark my
jurisprudence exam and then lastly we
have international law yeah let's see
what this mess of results is giving us
for that one international law 140 out
of 200 140 divided by two is 17
that's first that's the first that's the
first rate yeah of course 75 70 makes
140 okay I got the first I got affairs
in international law the one subject
which I really didn't think I could get
first but which I kind of really need a
better because I want to work in
international law thank you thank you so
much oh why am i making all the people
who mark exams it's just make myself
were like writing them anyways I got a
buzz I got one fast um the problem is I
got very low two ones in other subjects
which I should have gotten high two one
the best and if things are gone right so
oh I'm not sure what my average is the
good news is there's no to tutor because
some miracle happen to a family law um
so yeah I'm gonna calculate the average
um yeah and then we're gonna see how bad
this really is I need to lay tail okay I
calculated my average and it is a 65 so
it's exactly a mid to one um yeah it's a
2-1 it's not bad I know that but I was
hoping for something higher because I
was hoping that land law and contract
law would come through and give me much
higher marks hello it's me editing here
and I thought I'd save you about ten
minutes of me being disappointed and
rambling and instead just like concisely
explain to you guys why I'm so
disappointed I'm of course one of the
reasons is that I just had very big
expectations on myself but that's not
really the main reason but it's more I
had to have these very high expectations
because I have a scholarship riding on
my grades so to me these aren't just
grades these out determines my funding
and I don't know if my grades are enough
and that's very worrying to me I will
probably find out in a few months but
yeah that's sort of really the big deal
here and that's why I was really really
hoping for very high two one because I
would really have needed that high
average and I just don't know if the
average I got will be enough so yeah
that's really why I'm so disappointed I
don't think my expectations will be so
crushed for a few percentage points but
a few percentage points might be the
difference for me between a scholarship
and no scholarship and that's kind of a
big deal we're gonna do better in food
here that's what we're hoping for now
because we have to hope for it so yeah
that's it this wasn't a cheerful
reaction video but yeah I think
we nonetheless can upload this because
even though things don't go as well as
you want them to
that's Hanako and this challenge about
sharing my journey with you guys even
when things don't go well that doesn't
mean these grades are bad it just means
I wanted something better and I'm gonna
work towards that in my Fedya and
hopefully it's gonna work out in my
third year so yeah that's it for this
video thank you for watching and I hope
you got the exam results that you wanted
but even if you didn't that yet on the
last proud of yourself well having
worked hard because you deserve dance
and I deserve that too so I think I'm
gonna go and get a face mask now and
just chill for the rest of the day and
yeah just you know deal with to result
in my head and that's that so yeah thank
you for watching have a nice day bye
[Music]